[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>GEORGE NOORY: We've
all heard about cloning.
But what if you or your friend
or someone you met is a clone?
Would you even know it?
Welcome to "Cosmic
Disclosure" Emery Smith.
Hi, Emery.
Good to see you again.
>>EMERY SMITH: Good to
see you, too, George.
Thanks for having me.
>>NOORY: These clones that
could be just about anything,
all walks of life.
They could be ETs.
They could be humans
that are cloned.
What do we know about that?
>>SMITH: Well, cloning has been
done before I even came along.
They've been cloning
animals for quite a while.
And in the hybrid programs
that I was associated with,
they were cloning
not only species,
like plants and animals,
but they were also
regenerating tissues
of extraterrestrials
and growing them and
then cloning them.
And then they started cloning
humans a very long time ago.
It's interesting now that in
the news after talking about
this a few times that now
they're coming forward.
China just has been
doing it forever
but in their
underground facilities,
cloning people and
cloning, of course,
you heard about they
cloned their first primate.
And, hey, if they
can clone a primate--
that verifies what
I'm talking about--
well, they can
definitely clone a human.
And they're are also
growing humans for organs.
And you know, big
controversy behind this.
But clones are everywhere.
Human, extraterrestrial,
they're wandering all over.
Some people refer to
these as doppelgangers
because they can grow a human
to look like someone and mind
program and implant them with
circuitry and things like this,
and they will really
think they had this life
and implant them into a business
or into whatever organization
they want.
And, you know, many times you'll
be walking down the street,
you'll hear people say on--
you could look
this up on online--
man, this person
looks just like me.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>SMITH: Like why is that?
How did they get there?
And they have no idea
that they're probably were
part of this cloning program.
>>NOORY: Well, is
there a hidden agenda?
Because you've just
brought something up
that just scares the
living daylights out of me.
And that is to replace
us with a clone
and who would know
the difference?
>>SMITH: This is one
that probably only times,
George, that you got
me on a negative part
because there is an agenda.
There are hundreds
and hundreds of people
being cloned in underground
facilities in Australia
and in some parts of
the United States.
And they're doing this for
some reason, which obviously
is diabolical, because
there's no reason
to clone people and
keep it a secret
and make horrible experiments
on these people and mind implant
them.
The biggest problem they're
having is some clones when they
pick like the one clone
to do an experiment
and maybe they'll make 20 of
these clones of the one person.
And as these clones
grow older and they
train them, what
starts to happen
is they start to
have memory recall.
>>NOORY: What if you clone the
president and put this clone
him in the White House?
You put them in
Russia, in the Kremlin,
and you put them
all over the place?
And what if there's
a company behind it
that wants to control
and dominate the planet?
>>SMITH: There is I
think a possibility
that this could happen.
I don't think it's likely
that it's happening right now.
I think it's more of
corporate domination actually
that's higher than
the president.
Do you understand?
>>NOORY: I get it.
>>SMITH: So it's more important
that these corporations are
inserting these clones that
are programmed that look like
people and having these people
unfortunately terminated--
they're terminating because
you have to terminate someone
to replace someone.
>>NOORY: Who in the heck
concocted this kind of scheme?
The deep state?
Somebody has got be behind this.
>>SMITH: Yeah, I mean it is this
pop culture term, deep state,
which for me is just the
major corporations that
have their own agendas and
that may be influenced also
by a higher force as well.
>>NOORY: How long has
that been happening?
Years?
>>SMITH: Oh, my goodness,
as far as I'm concerned,
when I found out
about it in 1990--
>>NOORY: 29 years ago?
>>SMITH: They must have been
doing it at least two decades
before that.
>>NOORY: Jeez.
The technology is that advanced?
>>SMITH: Yes.
Yes, it is.
They're able to 3D
print now individuals
and people over a few months.
>>NOORY: Now, we're primarily
concerned about humans cloning
humans for their own purpose.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>NOORY: Well, what
about ETs cloning humans,
and they kind of
inject themselves.
Is that possible?
>>SMITH: I mean, it's possible.
I'm not aware of any
extraterrestrials
that are cloning humans.
I am aware of
extraterrestrial beings that
are collecting DNA from humans.
>>NOORY: That's been ongoing.
>>SMITH: Ongoing for a good
reason, not for a bad reason.
You know, they can
make anything, too.
I mean they are already at
an advanced level of science
that we would not understand
to do that if they needed to.
>>NOORY: Is a clone,
Emery, basically a human
being identical to the clone?
And so they eat,
they sleep, they
do everything that
a human known does?
>>SMITH: No.
No, because they still have to
go through the growing process.
And so it's a lot of work.
>>NOORY: You can't
speed that up?
>>SMITH: Well, they
have sped it up.
But there's a problem.
They can make a George
Noory in about eight years,
that you're--
from baby to you.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>SMITH: The problem is the
brain cannot grow that fast
as the body can.
So all your bodily tissues,
such as your bones and muscles
and tendons and things like
anything made of collagen,
can be very rapidly accelerated
with the technologies
they have.
And the learning, you know,
you can learn pretty quickly.
But there seems to be a problem
they're having with the brains.
>>NOORY: What's the agenda?
What's the mission
here to clone?
>>SMITH: You know, I
don't know that agenda.
I can just give you
my opinion on it
that they would use
it for a fear type
thing, such as a fake alien
invasion, definitely control,
like a secret army, you know,
a secret group of assassins,
things like this that, you
know, is very frightful.
Just to know that they're
doing this on a mass production
conveyor belt is
horrifying enough.
And you know, you have to
take care of this being.
You have to feed this being.
You have to train this being.
>>NOORY: It's alive.
>>SMITH: It's a real person.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>SMITH: And then like I said,
some of them have recall.
And then the recall messes
up with their psyche.
But it's still in the--
it's done in the early stages,
but it's not always successful,
I'll say.
>>NOORY: What happens to
the human soul, Emery,
in this kind of situation?
Does the clone have
a separate soul?
>>SMITH: I believe that the
clone has a separate soul,
a separate personality.
But it is also linked
to its twin, its clone,
its other clone, because it's
been shown already that when
you take DNA in
this glass of water
and you put this purified water
over here that it automatically
starts to have the DNA
in this glass of water,
whether you're shooting
laser light through it
or using sound frequency.
So if you're taking
any DNA from anyone,
it has a hard drive in
this DNA that that DNA is
going to recall some things.
That's how we sometimes contract
illnesses that our grandmothers
and grandfathers have.
It's in the lineage.
It's in the DNA.
So what's not to say
that the programming
that the original person had
could easily be in the clone
and actually have
traits of this person?
As far as the soul
and spirit, that's
still a very confusing
thing for me to understand.
But these clones
do have feelings.
They do have emotions.
They do have everything a
normal person would have.
And they have the choice to
make a spiritual decision
if they wanted to be a religious
person or something like this.
>>NOORY: Do they have
the memory of the person
they've been cloned?
Or do they also have their own?
>>SMITH: They have their
own life experience memory.
And most of them,
80% of them have
some sort of recall of
who they were before.
>>NOORY: Do they
know they're a clone?
>>SMITH: Well, some do.
Some figure it out.
Some are actually
soldiers of cloning.
So they actually are raised
for certain missions.
>>NOORY: I mean if a
clone of Emery Smith
came in here right
now and looked at you,
would that clone
think he was you?
>>SMITH: He could
possibly think that.
I've met two, in the military,
two individuals that I
was very shocked to
have seen face to face
because it was definitely me.
>>NOORY: You looked at yourself?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
And it was very interesting.
And people noticed this.
And it wasn't something that
was deep in the projects.
This was on top of working
at Kirtland Air Force Base.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>SMITH: We became
kind of friends
for a very, very
short period of time.
And then he disappeared
or got relocated.
But it was very interesting
that people picked up on this
and saw the exact similarities.
And so there is a possible
way that this is happening.
But his personality
was completely
the opposite of mine.
>>NOORY: Why would there
be another cloned you?
What was the purpose?
>>SMITH: I don't know.
I don't know if that was also--
you know, it's possible
the universe, too,
with doppelgangers that
these people are born
on separate parts of the world.
And it could be just
an energetic thing
that they were born at the
same time and the same energy
and the same alignment
with the stars.
And, you know, there also
is the natural cloning
of what I call these
doppelgangers you see.
>>NOORY: Do they
want to replace you?
>>SMITH: I don't believe they're
cloning me for any reason
whatsoever.
I don't have any--
>>NOORY: Well, I mean if
there's two more of you--
>>SMITH: I don't have
any intuition of that.
But to see someone
that's identical to you
is a very startling thing.
And this was when I
was very, very young,
of course, in my early 20s.
>>NOORY: Can clones mate?
Do they have children?
>>SMITH: A clone is
just like when we clone
a primate or a pig or a cow.
They still have all the same
organs, all the same things.
>>NOORY: The ability to breed.
>>SMITH: The only thing
that's different is
some of the clones are implanted
and they're using circuitry
and biocircuitry to be either
maybe sometimes mind controlled
or to carry out one-way
missions, we call them.
Or they're just definitely
going to die on this mission,
but they're going to accomplish
whatever that agenda is.
>>NOORY: How many
secret labs do you
think there are on this
planet performing cloning?
>>SMITH: I know of six.
So there's probably--
>>NOORY: All over the planet?
>>SMITH: There's probably
double that or more.
>>NOORY: Emery, how
prevalent are ET clones?
>>SMITH: ET clones
are very prevalent.
That's just something they do.
They've been doing it forever.
It's kind of
interesting how many
ET races all look the same.
>>NOORY: They do.
They're remarkable.
>>SMITH: And it's like,
well, why is that?
Were they perfecting
their super agenda
for creating a
stronger person maybe?
Were they getting
DNA, manipulating it,
so the human would
be the superhuman
and we'll all be this
amazing super creature
that does not get sick, that
can live for 500 years--
>>NOORY: That would be nice.
>>SMITH: Born with all the
technology already built in.
So I think there are
some races out there that
are of the same clone that
just because of the bodies
I've seen and worked on,
it's just too identical.
>>NOORY: I know twins
who are identical.
They played games
when they were kids.
They play games
when they're adults.
They tried to trick
boyfriends and girlfriends.
Do these clones have
personality like that?
I mean, do they play
games and have fun?
>>SMITH: Yeah, I mean, they
have this connection, of course,
like twins do.
I'm glad you brought that up.
And I'm very
familiar with twins.
And I've known a lot of twins.
And I've studied this
in depth that there
is this connection energetically
because of the same vibratory
frequency.
However, their genes and
genetic makeup can change.
And a good example of
this is a recent report
of the astronaut who
had a twin brother,
and he was sent to space and
lived in space for however
long, came back,
they measured the DNA
and there was
differences in the DNA.
>>NOORY: It was bizarre.
>>SMITH: Now that's--
how can you change DNA?
>>NOORY: Different heights
and stuff like that.
>>SMITH: Right.
So DNA can be manipulated
by electromagnetic fields
and radiation and living in
different parts of the planet.
It could be
manipulated, obviously.
>>NOORY: What's the purpose
of cloning unless there's
something sinister behind it?
I mean, I don't see
the logic of why you
would want to clone somebody.
>>SMITH: Well, right
now like China is really
trying to push this
cloning because they want
to grow people for their organs
because 33 people over there
a day die waiting just
to get some organ.
>>NOORY: Can't they just grow
the organ without the human?
>>SMITH: Right.
Well, what they're
doing is they're
trying to find species like
pigs who have a very similar--
that's why we use pig valves,
pig hearts in cardiac surgery.
And it has to do with the growth
rate of cells, believed or not.
So as far as what
the agenda is I
believe the agenda for
the corporate world on top
here is to grow people
clandestinely and harvest
their organs and sell
them on the black market
or use pigs to
grow a human organ
and then take that one organ
and then put it into the person.
>>NOORY: Which is a chimera if
it has any human parts in it.
>>SMITH: It's a
chimera, that's right.
Absolutely.
>>NOORY: The great baseball
great Ted Williams, he died.
His family has his head stored
away at a cryogenic chamber.
And they're hoping one day
to be able to clone the body
and download the memory
from his real brain, which
is frozen right now, and plant
it into the brain of the clone.
And there he is.
He's Ted Williams all over
again because we are memory.
That's what we are.
>>SMITH: Yeah, we're energy.
We're an atomic,
crystalline structure
that can be rearranged
and re-implanted
into another living being.
That is a kind of a clone
that has not been turned on,
as we say in the projects.
So you might have a
body that's fully grown,
that's been growing,
and still have muscle
and can still stand
up right off the table
after 10 years or 8 years
or depending on what it is
and implant the memory
of a person or--
>>NOORY: That would
be remarkable.
>>SMITH: Well, they're
doing it already.
>>NOORY: My gosh.
>>SMITH: Yes.
And that's amazing-- this is
kind of like "Avatar" stuff--
>>NOORY: It really is--
>>SMITH: Like in the movie.
>>NOORY: But there's
still something sinister
behind this, Emery.
I don't see anything positive
coming from any of this.
>>SMITH: I don't agree with it.
And I think it's wrong.
It just doesn't
sit right with me.
So I think, you know,
there's other ways
to do this where we can
3D print our organs.
But, you know, they're not
letting that technology out.
They just recently
actually posted something
after I spoke about this last
year about organ 3D printing.
And they printed the ear.
They 3D printed an ear.
But what they don't
tell the people
is, well, what matrix
did you use to print?
They get everyone all
excited because the secret
is how you do that because
you need a lattice.
You need a matrix for
whatever organ we grow.
And I've seen this already
many times sure them
growing hearts and livers for
the elites and people that
needed--
VIP types of individuals.
>>NOORY: They get
anything they want.
>>SMITH: And they were using
a collagen-based protein
structure found in
your blood to do this.
And they would also
sometimes, depending
on what part of the body
that they were growing,
would utilize synthetic
materials, which
is kind of scary in a way.
But then again, we
have oseointegration.
We've already proven
titanium into tissue now.
We can 3D print very small
sponge-like structures
and features in many different
types of biocompatible
synthetic materials,
not just metals,
to make a nose or to make--
>>NOORY: They just grow
it right on, don't they?
>>SMITH: They grow
the tissue on.
So I'll take a
piece of your skin.
And I'll 3D print a lattice,
a matrix of collagen
or a matrix of platelet rich
plasma and activate that.
>>NOORY: Inject the cells.
>>SMITH: Inject the cells there.
And we grow it and then
we can put it right on.
>>NOORY: And they have
a new nose or whatever.
>>SMITH: New nose.
>>NOORY: If a clone breeds with
a clone, what is the offspring?
A clone?
>>SMITH: Well, that's a good
question, because if you think
about it, was that
clone, number one,
did it have any lineage
from the other clone?
Because male and female, you
have to look at it that way.
Where did this clone come from?
What lineage of DNA?
And, of course,
that's like families
shouldn't reproduce together
because it creates anomalies.
>>NOORY: Right, absolutely.
>>SMITH: And, you know, I don't
know why would they do that.
But, yeah, it's
definitely possible.
They have all the sexual
organs to procreate.
>>NOORY: They're fully function.
>>SMITH: They're fully
functional beings.
The question is, in
a project, if they
were to do that,
they were probably
trying to make some
super race or being.
That's the only
reason to do that.
>>NOORY: Can you
imagine what Hitler
would have done
with this technology
if he had perfected it?
He would abused it.
>>SMITH: Yeah, that's
a scary thought.
>>NOORY: Really.
Yeah, I mean, so how
do we know ETs aren't
doing the same kind of abuse?
>>SMITH: Well, Germany
had a lot of experience
with extraterrestrials.
And you know, I do believe
that they met with them.
And I know Hitler probably knew
about some of these things.
But they had to
keep it a secret.
And they were not
allowed to use it
in war was the deal from what
I heard through second hand
information.
So that was a very
interesting thing
to realize that he had
technology and did not
use it against us in
war and against Europe.
But who's not to say he
did not use it on himself?
And on his closer
confidants around him?
>>NOORY: He's cloned somewhere.
That's just what we need, right?
And some of these people
want to live forever.
You know, these
multi-billionaires,
if they have the ability to do
what we talked about earlier--
download memory, download
memory into cloned bodies.
They get a brand new
body every 20 years.
>>SMITH: Yes, and imagine if
they had the hair strand from
Marilyn Monroe or--
>>NOORY: Or anybody
or John Kennedy.
>>SMITH: Or anyone, right.
I mean, they can easily
reproduce a clone just
from that genetic-- just from
that small amount of DNA.
>>NOORY: You've got a
scientific background.
Have you been involved
in any cloning practices?
>>SMITH: I have not
directly, only indirectly
been part of these projects.
And I'm only aware of it
because I was in the same area
where they were cloning plants,
animals, extraterrestrials,
and mixing these things.
It wasn't until later on I found
out through my secondary people
and also through the
special library, I call it,
of learning how they
do it and that they're
very successful with it.
>>NOORY: I still
don't understand
the reason for cloning I
mean, outside of the organs
I understand.
But you're killing a body,
a human, to take his liver,
to take his kidneys,
to take his heart.
I don't agree with that.
I think that's horrible.
There seems to be a
bigger picture here.
What am I missing?
>>SMITH: Well, I think
they are, you know,
diabolically trying to create
some sort of army or something.
And don't forget, they
can clone all sorts
of weird scary things,
not just humans,
and to use that against
us in some sort of control
method or control fashion.
And not to talk like
a conspiracy theorist,
my opinion is I cannot,
like you cannot,
figure out any other agenda.
You know, why would
they want to replace--
release 100,000 clones into the
general public to create what?
>>NOORY: There's an
agenda somewhere.
There's a hidden agenda--
>>SMITH: There's
something going on--
>>NOORY: To do something.
You know, maybe
they're all going
to be like Manchurian
candidates.
So at any given point,
they can hit a button
and they all do everything
that you want them to do.
>>SMITH: Yeah.
They use cloning too
in exercises as well.
>>NOORY: What do you mean?
>>SMITH: Well, they have
huge underground facilities
in cities that mimic different
types of cities and countries
around the world.
And they use cloning
type people that
are implanted with memories
to test biological warfare
systems, to test weapons of
different types of scalar
frequency weapons.
>>NOORY: Maybe they can survive
some kind of catastrophe.
>>SMITH: Right.
So it's also to see how
the public would respond
to a catastrophe in
one area we'll say,
let's say Washington DC.
And so we'll have a mock
setup better than Hollywood.
And people would basically
just wake up on a bench
or wake up in their
home and already knowing
that they have to
go to work today
or they have a premeditated--
they really believe
that they maybe just
fell asleep reading the paper.
>>NOORY: Right.
Exactly.
>>SMITH: And then a catastrophe
happens of some sort
or an outbreak, a viral
outbreak, let's say.
And then they want to
see how the people react.
And also, they
want to record this
because they will
sell this information
to other corporations,
these terrible weapons,
and say, look at what we can do.
We did a mockup.
And this is what happened.
So we'll sell it to this country
and turn around and sell it
to this terrorist group.
And I've seen these places.
>>NOORY: Do you think these
clones, Emery, have already
been put into society?
They've been mixed
in with us already?
>>SMITH: I 100% believe
definitely there's clones
walking around that do not know
they're clones and that are put
into positions that
for whatever agenda--
>>NOORY: And what happened
to that actual human
that the clone has replaced?
>>SMITH: Well, if they're
replacing someone,
well it's usually probably that
person is terminated or maybe
that person is going to have--
>>NOORY: A little disappearance.
>>SMITH: Yeah, a little
disappearance or something.
But there's also clones that
are just wandering around,
that are working
individuals that--
>>NOORY: So there could be--
>>SMITH: Did not
have an agenda--
>>NOORY: There
could be two of me.
Me and the clone somewhere.
Maybe they put him in
England or something.
>>SMITH: Sure.
Right.
>>NOORY: But who's they?
>>SMITH: I always fall
back on the only one that
has the power and
the money to do
this are these really
megalethargic corporations,
you know, like these
top 10 corporations
from around the planet
that get all the goodies.
They have the best technology
because they get everything
from the extraterrestrials.
They always get it first.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>SMITH: And whether they put
to good use, it's very rare.
But a lot of-- all of our
advancements in technology
comes from these corporations.
So I look at it
in a positive way
as well, because a lot of the
stuff we use in surgery to save
people's lives--
you know, we use
them in firetrucks.
We use them in the police
departments and things
that prolong our life.
It's just--
>>NOORY: Do the clones, Emery,
have their own personality?
I mean do they act on their own?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
Depending on what the
agenda is for that clone
or why that clone was made
or how that clone was raised,
the clone could
have been implanted
into a family when he was
three and just kind of raised
into a normal life.
>>NOORY: And he grew
up like a human being.
>>SMITH: Grew up
like a human being
and guided into a
certain position,
I'll say, in a government
to do something
and then later on maybe
was told that they
are a clone or maybe not.
So everyone can have
their own personality.
But not everyone is.
And some clones, like I told
you, can be mind controlled.
They could be placed
into the family
and then later on activated,
like the Manchurian Candidate
kind of situation.
And then all of a sudden--
>>NOORY: To do something.
>>SMITH: This
person just flipped
for no reason, killed
a bunch of people,
has no idea why they
did it, but they did it.
And now they're in jail--
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>SMITH: And a lot of
these things are like this.
Wars are started
over because they
think someone stole
something from them
or did something to their
family member or, you know--
>>NOORY: Some are calling
for that Chinese cloner
to be arrested.
What do you think?
>>SMITH: Well, I'm
not here to judge.
I can just tell you my opinion.
I think it needs
to be revisited.
And I think more
scientists and universities
need to get involved.
And the United Nations
needs to get involved.
And let's say what's ethically--
you know, what's the right
ethically thing to do for this?
Because when you
start going rogue,
this is where things
can get out of hand.
And you have to
prove to the people
of the planet and the leaders
why is this a positive thing
and what does it serve
the general population.
That's why I always
tell everyone,
you know, when
people were asking me
questions about all sorts
of personality things,
it's like, well, how is that
going to serve everyone else?
How is that going
to serve the planet?
Are we cloning humpback
whales because we need to,
at a later date, be able to
grow them because there's not
going to be any left.
As far as humans are concerned,
that's a very delicate thing,
because what about the spirit?
What about the soul?
What about-- are you growing
this person in stasis
until they're a
certain age and not
waking them up and
keeping them in a coma
so that they don't
really have a life?
Are you grow-- are you growing
this clone without a brain?
Are you just utilizing the
scaffolding of a tissue?
There's so many
questions to be answered,
that the general public and
the leaders of the world
need to look at this
person and maybe guide it
into a different direction.
We need to really
wait for the science
to come forward and think
about what's ethical
and how do we use this
beneficially to preserve.
>>NOORY: Emery, thanks for
being on "Cosmic Disclosure."
Really appreciate it.
>>SMITH: Thanks for
having me, George.
>>NOORY: I'm George Noory.
And thanks for watching
"Cosmic Disclosure."
>>ANNOUNCER: Coming this season
on "Cosmic Disclosure," where
people share their clandestine
involvement with government
agencies, the military,
and secret space programs.
>>SMITH: So you
can create anything
in space using frequency
and genetic DNA makeup.
So this is one of the
most profound things
that I've ever
witnessed in my life.
>>RICE: Using fear to
motivate an entire population,
to embrace new technologies and
moving forward technologically.